(people chatter)
[Boruto] Yes,
these are the ones.
They finally got
more X Cards in.
[Toy Store Employee] Thanks
so much for coming in.
Awesome.
I know, finally, right?
I just cannot wait.
Let's crack 'em open quick.
Yes, let us.
I wonder what I'll get.
[Boruto] (groans)
I'm so excited.
What's that?
Just cards?
Hm?
Oh, Sarada.
Hey, listen, these aren't
just regular old cards.
These are X Cards.
[Sarada] X Cards?
[Boruto] Extreme Ninja Cards.
They're called X
Cards for short.
It's a trading card game
featuring famous shinobi
from throughout history.
Everybody's hooked on it,
and every one of the stores,
no matter how big
or small they are,
sell out almost instantly.
The game itself where you battle
with the cards is fun too.
It is an intense
game of strategy
that is really fun.
-(whimsical music)
-(Sarada sighs)
I see you guys are
hooked on this stuff too.
All right now, come on,
super special rare card.
(packet tears)
-(Shikadai gasps)
-(Metal Lee chuckles)
Wow, it is a super special
rare card of Lord Seventh.
Oh, man, what the hell?
I got my dad again?
I have so many of these.
I see my dad enough, I don't
wanna see him on a card too.
You opened a Seventh Hokage
and you're bummed about it?
You're so spoiled.
I'll just say, the card
that I was hoping for
sure isn't this one.
Hm, wasting money earned
on dangerous missions
to buy a bunch of playing cards?
You guys can just be so
unbelievably childish.
What's that?
[Chocho] Hey, Sarada.
Hm?
Uh.
Hurry up, let's go
try the new desserts
that just came out.
(giggles) Coming.
(giggles) Hold on.
Huh, wasting money, childish?
Look who's talking.
(Opening Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
(people chatter)
So, what did you get, Shikadai?
A Lord Mizukage.
Very nice, and I got a Mr. Kiba.
Oh, hello there, all of you.
What are you doing?
Oh, hey, Shino Sensei.
We all just got some X Cards.
Oh, so that's the X Card thing
everyone's talking about.
It's popular at the academy now.
I've heard about them.
Is there a card of me too?
(all grunt)
(all grumble)
Now that you mention it,
I've never seen a
Shino Sensei card.
Yeah, neither have I.
I see.
Well, I imagine that you'd
have to be pretty famous
to be put on your own card,
so people like me or Kiba would-
Well, actual, Metal just
got a Kiba card today.
-Huh, what's that?
-(dramatic piano music)
I did.
Oh, well, there
are many shinobi,
I suppose these things happen.
Hey, look at this.
(Akamaru barks)
Even Akamaru has a card.
Did you say Akamaru?
And yet there's no card
of you, Shino Sensei.
(Shino grunts)
[Shikadai] I've never
heard of anyone seeing one.
[Metal] Yes, same here.
(Shino Sensei grunts)
Well, it is what it is.
[Boys] Hm?
(Shino Sensei laughs)
Wow, it's clear this is
really bothering him.
Pretending that he does not care
makes it even harder
to watch, right?
(Boruto sighs)
Shino Sensei's actually strong.
Is he really so unmemorable
he can't get on a card?
I kinda feel sorry for him.
All right, I've decided.
[Metal and Shikadai] Huh?
What have you decided, Boruto?
Let's do something to make sure
that Shino Sensei gets
put onto his own card.
-Huh?
-(Metal grunts)
You want to get him onto a card?
And how exactly are we
supposed to do that?
(Boruto chuckles)
Don't you guys realize what
company makes these X Cards?
(train whistle blows)
So please, we'd like you
to do something
about this, you know?
Yes, I see.
I understand the situation.
Let's see now, hm.
I never realized Denki's
father's company is the one
that makes the X Cards.
Yeah, but asking the
company president directly
is kinda shameless.
Currently, Shino Aburame
does not appear on an X Card,
and also, this is the list for
the second series of cards.
Hm, the list.
Let's see here.
Hm.
[Shikadai] Shino Sensei's name
isn't in the second
series either.
[Boruto] Yeah.
Oh, but please, look,
there is an open slot here.
[Boruto] You're right.
Yes, as you've just figured out,
the final person to be put
on a card hasn't
been picked yet.
I have respect for
each and every shinobi,
and that's why I'm having
such a hard time deciding.
[All] Hm.
(Metal gasps)
(water drips)
Okay then, our vote is for you
to put Shino Sensei's
name in that slot.
He's definitely a
candidate, of course,
but still.
Oh, please, sir.
I mean, sure, Shino Sensei
doesn't stand out much,
and he kinda rambles on, but...
Hey, come on, you're not
really making a great case.
But, uh, he's a great teacher.
Like, back at the academy, he
really connected with us all,
and helped us to grow.
That's right, he did.
Oh, well, since you all feel
so strongly about it, then...
No!
Please, just wait a minute.
Uh, Metal, what's
going on with you?
Please excuse me, but
for the final slot,
instead of Shino Sensei,
I would like to
nominate someone else,
someone I respect,
my father, Rock Lee.
Uh, wait, what?
(intense rock music)
(Denki grunts)
Wait, that's right, Metal's
dad isn't on a card either.
(Metal whimpers)
Yes, I know.
I checked when we looked
at the list earlier,
but his name was
not on it anywhere.
In order to make my
father's greatness known
through X Cards, as his son,
and also as his student,
I cannot back down about this.
Ah, the handsome devil
of the Hidden Leaf,
Rock Lee, of course.
Uh-huh.
Yes, he's worth considering.
(grunts) We almost had
everything settled.
Well, at this point, I
can't back down either.
That spot belongs
to Shino Sensei.
No way, my father should
take precedence over him.
-(Ereki grumbles)
-I'm telling you,
it should be Shino Sensei.
[Metal] It must be my father.
Hey, hold on for just
one second, you guys.
[Boruto] What is it?
Look, I understand where
you're both coming from,
but the Karminarimon Company
has a stake in this too.
Shouldn't we put out the
card that'll sell the best?
(glasses glint)
(both grunt)
As a company, we
have to make sure
that we offer products
our customers wanna buy.
Isn't that right, Father?
Yes, but these X Cards are
kind of a hobby for me, and-
Then all the more reason
for us to pursue a profit.
If the cards don't sell,
that'll make it harder
to continue releasing them.
(Ereki grunts)
[Ereki Voiceover] That was
very well said, my boy.
And besides, aren't
you always saying
that creating things
that make people happy
is what results in
truly good products?
(Ereki grunts)
Huh, huh?
Denki, you just got so intense.
Gotta hand it to the
future ninja-president.
Hm.
All right, anyway, to determine
which of the two should
be given the final slot,
how about we choose the one
who's more in demand
among the public?
Hm, but how exactly
are you gonna determine
who's more in demand?
(both grunt)
Hmmm.
We'll go to the people
who are playing the game.
We will take a survey
among X Card customers,
and then let them vote
for who they think
we should pick.
I like that plan.
Whoever gets more votes...
Will be the one chosen
to be on the X Card.
Yes, I promise
that's what we'll do.
All right then.
I'm sorry, Metal, but
I don't intend to lose.
I'm not gonna let Shino
Sensei live the rest
of his life in obscurity,
even if he is boring and
doesn't stand out much.
That is supposed to
be my line, Boruto.
No longer will I allow
my somewhat lacking father
to remain unnoticed.
Again, you guys really aren't
making a great case here.
I won't lose.
I will not lose.
(both grunt)
Meh.
[Boruto] So this is
the ballot box, huh?
Yeah, one of them.
Similar ones have been placed
at every single store
that carries X Cards.
All right, so
what's your big plan
to win people's votes
for Shino Sensei?
Actually, I thought
I'd just kinda rely
on your intellect for
that part, Shikadai.
Eh, just great.
So this entire thing is
resting on my shoulders?
What a drag.
Come on, don't you
have any ideas?
You know, I just
might have some.
-Here you go.
-(upbeat electronic music)
Here you go.
-Come one, come all.
-Here, take one.
Gather around and listen.
Let me tell you
the heroic story
of Shino Aburame.
The Leaf's little known,
but strongest ninja.
Here you go.
What is this?
When the Leaf Village was in
danger of total destruction,
just in the nick of time,
Shino, despite
only being a genin,
used his parasitic
insects and his intellect
to pull off a
truly amazing feat.
(people laugh)
[Woman] Wow.
[Man] Whoa.
[Boy] Whoa.
And after that, he, uh,
he, uh...
Hm?
Anyway, he continued
to do many great deeds.
Oh, man, talk about
running out of steam.
Yet again, not a great case.
Ha-ha, after that sales pitch,
a win's practically guaranteed.
(train whistle blows)
Huh?
[Girl] Hey, look at that.
(whistle blows)
[Man] Whoa, amazing.
(train screeches)
(train hisses)
[Boruto and Shikadai] What the?
[Boruto] What is going on here?
[Woman] Handsome
devil of the Leaf.
[Boruto and Shikadai] Huh?
-(intense rock music)
-Ha-ha-ha,
it seems using an
advertising wrap
on the Thunder Train
is catching their eye.
Metal, but how did you
manage to pull that off?
[Denki] It was me.
Huh?
Denki?
Why's he wearing that outfit?
What's going on here?
[Metal] A while back,
Denki had a training
session from my father,
so he kindly agreed to
help out with this project.
Hey, that's not fair.
Aren't you on the
company's side?
My dad is my dad,
and I am myself.
This is also an opportunity
to test an advertising
plan I came up with.
(Boruto grunts)
(train whistle blows)
(train whirs)
Let me tell you about
a genius of persistence
named Rock Lee.
Once, he fought the
Kazekage to a tie
with just taijutsu.
He is called the Hidden Leaf
Village's handsome devil.
I ask you, could there
be anyone more suitable
to become the centerpiece
of the X Cards' second series?
(people grunt)
There's just no way
that we can compete
with a budget as
big as theirs is.
(Boruto grunts)
[Boy] Rock Lee, obvi.
[Boy] Totally.
[Boy] With a name like that.
(people chatter)
All right, with voting halfway
done, here's the tally.
(keyboard clacks)
[Boruto] Mm.
(Denki chuckles)
(Metal chuckles)
Okay, who's in the lead now?
(computer beeps)
It looks like Rock Lee's
popularity is growing steadily.
[Denki and Metal] Yes, awesome.
It is thanks to you, Denki.
And your performance was
absolutely perfect too, Metal.
It seems that, on the
other side of things,
Shino is being left in the dust.
Seriously?
At this point, it's
gonna be really hard
for us to catch up with them.
A match is a match.
My father is definitely
going to win the right
to be on an X Card.
(Boruto grunts)
The way this is going,
Shino Sensei won't
get on an X Card,
and he'll spend the rest
of his life in obscurity.
(spring sproings)
Uh, Boruto, isn't that kind
of a terrible thing to say?
(Boruto grunts)
So, to win this, he just
has to stand out, right?
Huh?
What are you gonna do?
-(Boruto chuckles)
-(heavy rock music)
Hm?
Huh.
Just a few more days to go.
The way things stand now,
we are sure to win.
Yeah.
But, knowing Boruto, he
isn't just going to give up
as easily as that.
Even so, nothing could
possibly stand out more
than the advertisement we
wrapped around the trains.
I know, but still.
You are quite the
worrier, Denki.
[Denki] Huh?
Uh, what, what's that?
Shino Sensei?
Uh, whoa, no way.
All right, how's that?
(Boruto cackles)
It's just perfect,
an earth style stone face
in the shape of Shino Sensei.
Nothing else could possibly
stand out like this.
Hey, did you bring
what you promised?
Hm?
Oh, yeah.
This, right?
Ah, yes, I finally got my hands
on Lord Seventh super
special rare card.
It's so perfect.
(whimpers)
I can't believe I
finally have you.
Even unwanted
cards can be handy.
Mm, I didn't really think
that you'd go this far.
[Metal] Boruto.
-Mm?
-Huh?
You think this
will win our match?
Look, I'm sorry, Metal,
but we're gonna turn
the tide with this.
I will not let you.
(grunts)
Just watch this.
Leaf Hurricane.
The hell?
What are you doing?
All I need to do
is whittle it down
into my father's face.
(grunts)
What, seriously?
I want everyone in
the Hidden Leaf,
no, in all the five villages
to recognize my
father's greatness,
so I cannot let this
chance slip away.
I'll stop you.
Shadow Clone Jutsu.
(clones pop)
Wind Style, Gale Palm.
(clones grunt)
(Metal grunts)
You will not get in my way.
(shouts)
No, that's my line.
(clones grunt)
(Metal grunts)
Oh boy, no matter
how you look at this,
all you can really see is
trouble looming on the horizon.
That's it, I'm out.
Huh? Shikadai.
Now is my chance.
(grunts)
Uh.
You are facing a
different me today.
Why, you little...
(palms slap)
Papa?
Shino Sensei.
Damn it, I just knew
that something was up.
Stop this ridiculous
battle, both of you.
Uh.
(Metal grunts)
I am sorry, Papa.
I just wanted you to be on
an X Card, Shino Sensei.
(Shino Sensei sighs)
Listen, Boruto, you seem to
be under the wrong impression.
I just don't have any desire
to stand out like that.
Same here, Metal.
I do not remember teaching you
that hard work is just so
you can become popular.
-Papa.
-Shino Sensei.
(both chuckle)
Well, you may have
gone a bit overboard,
but we're still grateful
that you tried so
hard on our behalf.
The thought behind all of this
is more than enough for us.
[Shino Sensei] Coming from
our precious students.
(Boruto and Metal gasp)
(Boruto and Metal groan)
(girl cries)
-Huh?
-What is...
That's a...
Help me, Mommy, please help me.
There's a fire.
How terrible.
We have to go help them.
We're too far away, we
won't make it in time.
Just leave this to us.
We'll handle it.
[Boruto and Metal] Huh?
But how can you?
-There is a way.
-(intense percussive music)
The perfect solution.
(grunts)
Leaf Hurricane.
(heavy rock music)
(Shino Sensei grunts)
(tank bangs)
(water sloshes)
(girl cries)
Huh, huh?
(people chatter)
-Thank you so very much.
-That was amazing.
They're both really amazing.
Definitely outstanding shinobi.
[Both] Hm.
[Toy Store Employee] Thanks
so much for coming in.
(packet crinkles)
I was looking forward to the
second series release, but...
We haven't heard
anything from Denki
since the day we spoke to him.
In the end, all we really
did was cause a big fuss.
Yeah, and then somebody
chose to cut out.
Why don't we just
forget about all that,
crack our packs,
and see what we got?
Hm.
-Mm-hm.
-(packets crinkle)
(Metal gasps)
What's wrong?
(Metal stutters)
This is my father.
No way.
Then maybe that means...
(gasps)
(shimmery music)
There's a card of
Shino Sensei too.
Whoa, really?
Both of them made it?
But how is this possible?
Well, actually, about that.
The popularity of both
of them skyrocketed
at the very end of voting.
Really? That's...
Because of what
they did back there,
and so my father decided
that he might as well open
up two spots for new cards.
Oh, I am just so grateful.
-(Metal sobs)
-Wow, that was
a seriously cool thing
for your dad to do, Denki.
[Sarada] Are you guys
buying more cards?
-Huh?
-Hm?
The second series just came out.
[Sarada] Oh.
Mm.
Anyway, I wonder what
other cards I got in here.
Huh?
Another Shino Sensei card?
Another card of Papa?
[Boruto] Shino Sensei again?
[Metal] Papa again?
[Boruto] (groans)
More multiples?
I think this is going
a little too far.
Aw, man.
I don't need this many
Shino Sensei's in my life.
(Sarada sighs)
They can be so
immature sometimes.
Hey, Sarada, let's
get a second round
of those new desserts.
Come on, quick.
Sure.
(Closing Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
(intense rock music)
[Sukea] The Hokage
asked me to see
how Team 25's doing
on their mission.
Hey, aren't you that
journalist, Mr. Sukea?
You're Houki Taketori, right?
Anyway, you know,
what you're wearing...
[Houki] Ever since I was a kid,
I've been a big
fan of Lord Sixth.
I wanna become a
ninja just like him.
[Sukea] Next time on "Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations,"
Team 25.
[Houki] But all we've been
getting assigned lately
are D-rank missions.
(Closing Theme Music)